LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 196 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 244 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 245 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 246 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 247 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 249 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 251 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 252 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 254 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 255 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 256 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 266 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 273 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 274 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 275 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 276 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 277 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 278 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 300 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 304 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 305 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 306 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 310 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 311 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 312 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 316 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 320 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 322 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 323 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 324 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 649 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 650 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 651 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 652 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 653 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 669 starts with tabs.
LINE 653: The var 'property' (in global scope) is only used once.
If this is not a typo, please add an ignore='' attribute to the <var>.
LINE 653: The var 'value' (in global scope) is only used once.
If this is not a typo, please add an ignore='' attribute to the <var>.
LINE ~656: The var 'value' (in algorithm 'supports(property, value)') is only used once.
If this is not a typo, please add an ignore='' attribute to the <var>.
LINE 689: The var 'document.querySelector("a|b")' (in global scope) is only used once.
If this is not a typo, please add an ignore='' attribute to the <var>.
LINE 278: No 'type' refs found for '<declaration>'.
<<declaration>>
LINE ~358: Multiple possible 'box-shadow' property refs.
Arbitrarily chose https://drafts.csswg.org/css-backgrounds-3/#propdef-box-shadow
To auto-select one of the following refs, insert one of these lines into a <pre class=link-defaults> block:
spec:css-backgrounds-3; type:property; text:box-shadow
spec:css-borders-4; type:property; text:box-shadow
'box-shadow'
LINE 692: W3C policy requires Privacy Considerations and Security Considerations to be separate sections, but you appear to have them combined into one.
