LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 43 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 44 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 45 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 46 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 47 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 48 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 49 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 50 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 51 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 52 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 53 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 54 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 130 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 131 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 132 starts with spaces.
LINT: Line 132's indent contains tabs after spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 134 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 138 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 139 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 140 starts with spaces.
LINT: Line 140's indent contains tabs after spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 145 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 146 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 147 starts with spaces.
LINT: Line 147's indent contains tabs after spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 155 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 156 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 158 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 159 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 160 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 163 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 175 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 178 starts with spaces.
LINT: Line 178's indent contains tabs after spaces.
LINE 82: Multiple possible 'base url' dfn refs.
Arbitrarily chose https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/semantics.html#link-options-base-url
To auto-select one of the following refs, insert one of these lines into a <pre class=link-defaults> block:
spec:html; type:dfn; for:/; text:base url
spec:html; type:dfn; for:script; text:base url
<a bs-line-number="82" data-link-spec="html" data-link-type="dfn" data-lt="base URL">base URL</a>
LINE ~154: No 'dfn' refs found for 'terminate' with for='fetch' in spec 'fetch'.
[=terminate=]
