LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 67 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 68 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 69 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 70 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 453 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 454 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 455 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 456 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 458 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 459 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 460 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 461 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 462 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 463 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 464 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 465 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 466 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 467 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 469 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 470 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 471 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 472 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 473 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 474 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 475 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 476 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 477 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 478 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 482 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 483 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 484 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 485 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 487 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 488 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 489 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 490 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 491 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 492 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 493 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 494 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 495 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 496 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 497 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 498 starts with tabs.
LINT: Your document appears to use spaces to indent, but line 499 starts with tabs.
LINE ~77: Multiple possible 'border-left-width' property refs.
Arbitrarily chose https://drafts.csswg.org/css-backgrounds-3/#propdef-border-left-width
To auto-select one of the following refs, insert one of these lines into a <pre class=link-defaults> block:
spec:css-backgrounds-3; type:property; text:border-left-width
spec:css-borders-4; type:property; text:border-left-width
'border-left-width'
LINE ~257: Section autolink [[web-animations#animation-effect-phases-and-states|phase]] attempts to link to unversioned spec name 'web-animations', but that spec is versioned as 'web-animations-1' or 'web-animations-2'. Please choose a versioned spec name.
WARNING: This specification has neither a 'Security Considerations' nor a 'Privacy Considerations' section. Please consider adding both, see https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/.
