LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 37 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 38 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 39 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 40 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 41 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 42 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 43 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 44 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 46 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 47 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 48 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 116 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 117 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 118 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 119 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 120 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 124 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 125 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 126 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 127 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 128 starts with spaces.
LINT: Your document appears to use tabs to indent, but line 129 starts with spaces.
LINE 110: Multiple possible 'descendant' dfn refs.
Arbitrarily chose https://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-tree-descendant
To auto-select one of the following refs, insert one of these lines into a <pre class=link-defaults> block:
spec:dom; type:dfn; text:descendant
spec:css2; type:dfn; text:descendant
<a bs-line-number="110" data-link-type="dfn" data-lt="descendant">descendant</a>
LINE 331: W3C policy requires Privacy Considerations and Security Considerations to be separate sections, but you appear to have them combined into one.
